Improve citadel doc: make it clear multiple-citadel is not supported (#4263)
istio/istio.io: content/help/ops/security/repairing-citadel/index.md

keywords: [security,citadel,ops]
---

> Currently we only support a **single Citadel**. Running multiple Citadel instances may introduce

Reviewer: single Citadel instance

> `Currently we only support single Citadel instance. Running multiple Citadel instances may introduce

Reviewer: Backticks is for code sequences. Instesd, you should wrap the paragraph as an info block:

{{< info >}}
Text goes here
{{< /info >}}

Reviewer: only support a single Citadel

Author: done.

> Istio currently supports only a **single Citadel instance**. Running multiple Citadel instances may introduce

Reviewer 2: same warning here.  You could use a boilerplate or just C&P if you like.

Author: done.

> race condition and **cause system outage**.

Reviewer: condition -> conditions

> Citadel is not on the critical path of data plane. The default workload certificate lifetime is 3

Reviewer: Citadel is not a critical data plane component.

Author: done.

> Citadel is not a critical data plane component. The default workload certificate lifetime is 3

Reviewer 2: break this run-on into separate sentences.  If you feel the urge to type "and" try a `.` instead :)

` The default worklaod certificate lifetime is 3 months.  Certificates will be rotated by CIadel before they expire.  If Citadel is disabled for short maintenance periods, existing mutaul TLS traffic will not be affected.

Author: done.

> months and certificates will be rotated before the expiry, which means if Citadel is down for a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
months and certificates will be rotated before they expire, which means if Citadel is down for a
```

Author: done.

> while, e.g., several hours, existing mutual TLS traffic will not be affected. However,

Reviewer 2: Move the however to warning level, and place in front of line 11.

Author: done.

> while, e.g., several hours, the existent mutual TLS traffic will not be affected. However,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
while, e.g., several hours, existing mutual TLS traffic will not be affected. However,
```

> workloads with new Kubernetes service accounts could not be brought up since they cannot get their

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
workloads with new Kubernetes service accounts can not be started since they can't get their
```

$ kubectl logs -l istio=citadel -n istio-system
$ kubectl describe pod -l istio=citadel -n istio-system
{{< /text >}}

> If you want to check a workload (with `default` service account and `default` namespace)

Reviewer 2: remove `, run`

Author: done.

certificate's lifetime, run:

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl get secret -o json istio.default -n default | jq -r '.data["cert-chain.pem"]' | base64 --decode | openssl x509 -noout -text | grep "Not After" -C 1
  Not Before: Jun  1 18:23:30 2019 GMT
  Not After : Aug 30 18:23:30 2019 GMT
Subject:
{{< /text >}}

> Remember to replace `istio.default` and `-n default` with `istio.YourServiceAccount` and

Reviewer 2: this should be an info block.

Author: Not sure whether you mean {{< text bash >}}. I don't find info level at: https://github.com/istio/istio.io/blob/533a3efc0e5d6a66f03f28552785ac24fe3a9996/content/test/callouts/index.md

Reviewer 2: I meant `{{< info >}}`.  As you point out, that isn't in the callouts :).  Can you use `{{< tip >}}`?

Cheers
-steve

Author: Done

> `-n YourNamespace` for other workloads. If the certificate is expired, it means Citadel did not

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`-n YourNamespace` for other workloads. If the certificate is expired, Citadel did not
```

$ kubectl logs -l istio=citadel -n istio-system
$ kubectl describe pod -l istio=citadel -n istio-system
{{< /text >}}

If you want to check a workload (with `default` service account and `default` namespace)
certificate's lifetime:

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl get secret -o json istio.default -n default | jq -r '.data["cert-chain.pem"]' | base64 --decode | openssl x509 -noout -text | grep "Not After" -C 1
  Not Before: Jun  1 18:23:30 2019 GMT
  Not After : Aug 30 18:23:30 2019 GMT
Subject:
{{< /text >}}

> {{< text plain >}}

Reviewer 2: can you use {{< tip >}} rather than {{< text >}} and same for closing.

Author: Done, and the lint is fixed as well.
